Hello. My name is Nancy Hannafin from the
Department of Nursing here at Towson University.
I'm going to talk to you today is about
creating culturally competent health care
Cultural competency requires a
commitment from health care providers to
be responsive to the different attitudes,
verbal cues,
and body language from the patients that they
are caring for.
It may not require that the health care provider uses the
same methods of health care in the
country of origin but it does require that the health care
provider has a familial era de with those countries of origin.
Understanding the different cues in the health care settings
will help to improve patients
satisfaction and health care outcomes.
In two-thousand-one the U.S. Office of
Minority Health created the C.L.A.S.S. Standards.
class stands for a culturally and
linguistically appropriate services.
This is a series of fourteen standards
that are recommended guidelines
to provide appropriate services for
patients of all populations.
When utilizing these standards you have to
remember that one size does not fit all,
and you cannot stereotype any particular
culture you have to recognize and ask your patient
what is it from their culture that they
want to infuse into their health care
so that you can assure them of a more
satisfying patient outcome.
In wo minutes we cannot even scratch
the surface of identifying the diverse
cultural needs of our patient population.
But, with a commitment to cultural
education we can provide a new dimension to
culturally competent care and patient satisfaction.
Any reason to celebrate someone's diversity
and to recognize something that's unique
and special to a certain group of people
benefits all of us.